  
You are standing in the alleyway, pretending to do something on your phone as you wait for the moment when no one is around. When, finally, there are no people in view, you briskly slink into the doorway. As you enter, you see the colorful interior of the establishment. But unlike a regular cafe, this one only has enclosed personal booths, like a karaoke bar, and no open seating area. And just like they said, all waitresses are cute little lolis! "Welcome, mister!" one of the lolis trots up to you - a delicate little girl with long light brown hair tied into two fluffy ponytails, "I haven't seen you here before. New customer?" she smiles at you. "Yea." you respond reluctantly. "Don't be shy! I'm Cara, would you like to have me? I can show you around!" the little girl grabs your hand and holds it in her small palms - her tiny fingers look so gentle and fragile. "Okay..." "Strong silent type? That's nice too!" she leads you toward some kind of vending machine, "Since this is your first time visiting, you can have a free sushi set!" "Really?" "Yeap! What type do you like?" she answers you with a smile, still holding your hand. You peruse the selection of pictures alongside the buttons on the machine. "Can we have the set that includes crab roe ones?" the girl asks quietly "That's my favorite." "Sure." there is no way you can refuse such a cute request, "Should we get this one?" The girl stretches and reaches for the button, but being so small and short, she can't quite reach it. "Can you, umm, give me a lift?" You aren't sure what she means, but seeing your confusion, she places your hands around her waist. You lift Cara into the air, and she presses the button victoriously. Then you realize - would it not be easier for you to just press it yourself? Perhaps this is a part of customer service... "Thank you! Let's get to the booth." with the carton of sushi in one hand and holding your hand with another, Cara leads you into one of the booths. Inside is a table surrounded by a U-shaped red velvet couch with a bunch of pillows on top. "Please, sit down." the girl says as she unpacks the food, and you sit on the sofa across the large screen that shows a selection of karaoke songs. "Umm... should we try karaoke?" you ask awkwardly. "Let's eat first!" Cara jumps onto your lap. Being so light and having such soft bottom, she does not make you feel any discomfort by doing so. You try to pick up a sushi roll with the chopsticks, but with a cute girl now sitting on your lap distracting you, you fumble, and it falls back onto the plate. "Silly mister, let me help you." Cara deftly grabs the roll, dunks it into a plastic cup with soy sauce and brings it to your mouth, "Aaaah!" Despite feeling embarrassed, you obediently eat it. The salty taste of a fresh roll spreads through your mouth, accented by the freshness of the cucumber. Cara stares at her chopsticks for a second and then gives them a light peck. "Chu~! Indirect kiss!" she smiles. Her boldness takes you by surprise, and you look away. It feels like you are an adolescent boy again, when such silly things would make you flustered. "Please, hold me by the waist, so I don't fall off." the little girl asks. "S-sure..." you embrace her tiny body gently. Cara alternates, eating the rolls and feeding you, until you two finish the whole carton. Afterwards, she pours some orange soda into a glass and offers it to you. "That was nice." you say, sipping a bit of the drink. "Yeap, but I hope you still have room for dessert. After all, this is what you came here for, right?" the girl smiles mischievously. Cara climbs onto the table, turns around, and spreads her delicate legs in front of you. She doesn't wear any panties! You gulp loudly. "Dig in, mister." she gives you a beaming smile. "E-excuse me, then." you grab the small thighs, your fingers sinking into the soft skin, and give her little cunny a lick. Cara lets out a small chuckle. Amazingly, it tastes really sweet! "Wow, it really does taste like caramel!" you exclaim. "Silly mister, of course it does. That's why they call me Caramel." Cara wraps her delicate legs around your neck and her small fingers brush through your hair, "You can have as much as you want." Taking her up on the offer, you bury your face in her crotch and start lapping at her silky smooth slit, savoring the amazing taste of the sweet caramel. "Nnh..." Cara lets out a cute sigh. It feels strange to be doing something like this with a child, but at the same time, you cannot help but feel aroused. You lick her labia, teasing the edges and giving a gentle suck on the little clit. "Ah... ahh..." she whimpers softly. "You're really tasty, Cara." you say as you keep lapping at her delicious cunny. "Y-you're making me blush, mister..." Your tongue travels lower and pushes inside her wet little pussy. Her slick folds are so hot, and they tighten around your tongue, almost as if she is sucking you inside. You slide your tongue in and out, and the girl lets out a loud gasp. "M-mister, if you keep doing that, I might..." Suddenly, a stream of delicious fluid gushes into your mouth, and Cara's thighs clamp around your head as her petite body twitches. "Ahhh, I'm sorry!" the girl pants, her little chest heaving with deep breaths, "I just can't control it when I come..." "I don't mind. In fact, that was tasty." you say as the sweet liquid dribbles down your chin. "But I'm here to serve you. Let me clean up and return the favor." the girl slides down from the table and kneels before you, "Now, let's see what we have here." Cara pulls down your pants and frees your stiff cock. "So big, and it's throbbing so hard." the little girl wraps her small hands around your shaft, "I'll have to take care of that." "Please, go ahead." She starts rubbing your dick slowly, while staring straight into your eyes. Her hands feel incredibly warm, and her slender fingers squeeze you gently, almost as if they are massaging you. "Ohh..." you sigh. "Is this good, mister?" "Yes..." "Good." the girl continues her work, moving her hands up and down the shaft in a steady rhythm, "I want to see you enjoy yourself." "Mmmh..." The pleasure from her delicate hands is driving you mad, but you don't want to end it so soon, and you muster your willpower to endure it. "It's throbbing so hard! Does it feel that good, mister?" the girl giggles. "It does..." "I can tell you are close. Don't worry, let it out." "Okay, I'm gonna come, Cara!" The girl closes her eyes and opens her mouth. With a loud grunt, you release, spraying her small face with a fountain of semen. Cara squeals in delight as your hot seed coats her skin. "Ahhh, mister, I can't see anything." the girl giggles, wiping the thick cream off her face and licking her fingers. "Sorry, I couldn't hold it back." you sigh. "It's okay. I was hoping to taste more of you, anyway." Cara gives you a big, happy smile. "Thank you, that felt good." "Any time, mister." the girl wipes the remaining semen off her face with a napkin and puts it into her mouth, "Mmmh, so yummy." You sit there, looking at the girl in embarrassment. "Well, shall we continue with karaoke?" she asks. "S-sure, if you don't mind." You two spend the next couple hours singing songs and having a good time. "Thank you for a great evening, mister!" the girl says as you step out of the door, "Come visit us again, okay?" "Of course, Cara. You were wonderful." "Bye-bye, mister!" she waves at you. You step into the street. The night is still young, but you feel like calling it a day. *** Next day, you wake up to a bright sunlight coming through the window. You check the time - it is a bit past 11AM. Your phone is blowing up with messages, so you check them. One message is from your mom, who writes that she will not be home until the evening. Another message is from an unknown number. > Hi mister, thanks for visiting Cafe Confections yesterday, I hope you will come back again, we have plenty of flavors to try. :D -Caramel > Thanks, Cara. Will think about it. You write a response and put your phone away. You have an amazing dream about the girls from Cafe Cunny, and a sticky mess is left on your bedsheets. ***